[16.0][MIG] l10n_jp_country_state: Migration to 16.0 (#36)
OCA/l10n-japan: l10n_jp_country_state/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

> This module updates country state data of Japan with translation.

Reviewer: To reflect the current scope of the module.
```suggestion
This module only adds translations to country state records for Japan, for the sake of convenience.
```
